not good
Ahahahahaha 1,200 years
The deity is finally out
The beast is recaptured
Immediately return to Taizu Forbidden Land
Otherwise, there will be no mercy
A mere dragon is like this
Dare to be presumptuous in front of me
Five Elements Array
We have been detained in the restricted area for thousands of years
Now the restricted area has been broken
The world is up to me
Hahaha, I won't let you go too much this time.
So what of the Supreme?
Just half a step
I can crush the Red Army with one hand
I'll kill you first and then find the settlement
Hahahaha
Are you looking for me to settle accounts? Dare to report
Lord Qisun
You are the crown prince of this generation
Loyalty is chaotic here
I can be too ancient
The beast has destroyed the seal of the ancient forbidden land
Poor learning is a breakthrough in Sendai
The world is so big
You are hard and nothing can stop you
The poor Qi of the deity, right?
Now get back to the situation
I can spare your life
Otherwise, the different masters like to pick chess and peel off the skin
Dog courage to ride heavy and swallow the sky
What? I'm a Sendai competitor
How could you take down my attack so easily?
Are the fairy steps strong?
Don't say you're new to Sendai
Even if you are the peak of Sendai
In front of me, there is also the Soilless Chicken King
Whoever eats ants will die
Daxiang Tiandi, be careful
This is the bottom-of-the-box trick of fierce magic
I have a sword
Can remove demons and kill gods
How could I be defeated by you?
What strength are you?
Ethereal world male life
If you don't rob
It should be in the sky
Why not go crazy?
You are a red dust fairy
Run! Run!
Spread the word
Primordial virtue is to break through the Xianlai Realm Hong Kuai first
Now I want to escape at night
beg for death
Destroy it all for me
Do not step out for a thousand years
If you are poor, you will end up
Congratulations to adults for the opportunity to bear
The task assigned to me by the master
It's already done.
It's time for me to inject the next one too
Sir, you are precious
How many people want to work for you?
If you have any arrangements
The direct order is
Some things should never be done by yourself
Qizhizun
There are women outside arguing
The woman is said to have been engaged for a long time
It must be the trouble caused by the master again.
Let him meet you in the side hall